that's a 5.6 if you don't think a 5.6 is
possible or even likely think quite
frankly you don't know much about the
Billups Mancini report specifically the
section on the mojave block I know what
you're hoping it'll just be a blind
thrust fault
they'll just produce something that
that's rusty that no surest eruption
he's doing an urban Allen see that it's
not deaf - mom I'm here close your hotel
permanently what we haven't even opened
yet what are all those people downstairs
that's a soft opening it's like an
out-of-town preacher just come in here
tell me to close my hotel I'm gonna
close my hotel sir he'll just let me
come in with my team and our gear for a
few days now prove what I'm saying hey
there is no way we are exposing our
exclusive clientele to a bunch of
scientists we wouldn't want that would
we
let's just hope for the best shall we
that should be enough take this it's a
standard torsion seismograph if there's
a foreshock it will register and you
just might have time to evacuate I don't
want this thing on my desk no sir let me
tell you what you don't want your hotel
on the cover Time magazine and a twisted
heap of steel and glass you and your
customers are underneath it headline
reads who's to blame that's what you
don't want
okay um put an evacuation plan on paper
will do sir consider it done I do thank
you for your time you want to really put
yourself to good use
why'd you hit the tables I don't gamble
sir neither should you not with people's
lives
I'll screen the meetings more careful
next time sorry
and now we have a camera
[Music]